# General Comments

Some things to think about broadly:
 * What is your target audience? This determines the specificity in later
   functions.

* Should the pngs be in the root or in the examples folder
	* Do not commit these, let them be generated by the user
	* If you want to provide them put them in the releases page

* Clean up your git branches

# info.xml

* What is this for? Is this necessary to be committed?

# toolbox.prj

* Has personally identifiable information in it. Make this general to
  to any user path or folder structure
* Is this necessary to be committed?

# README.md

* Add the year to the pub.
* Consider adding a "Getting Started" section. Does not have to be long, may
  one or two sentences, i.e. "Refer to examples in the examples folder".
* Line break after section (PULL)
* Where is MFSS.mltbx, specify this in the readme. Assume people are dumb
* I'm not sure if the way you are incrementing version is a good idea
	* You should be the decider of when versions get incremented, not the code
	* Is this the reason you did this because of installing the addons. Easier
	  to tell which is the newer addon?
* Repharse Building the toolbox
	* If root is the matlab directory, then build should be on the path? (PULL)
* Is using the toolbox the preferred method of using the code - or can people
  just add src to their path? Clarify this in the readme

* Why did you use an image for the math. This is not okay - use math from
  markdown
* On Getting Started
	* Define what the types for the accumulatorIndexes, calendar, and horizon are
	  for the gettings tarted section.
	* Will the user understand what ss and ssE are
	* Did you actually use the unicode beta in the working with known
	  parameters section... just use math mode. It will make it look more
	  uniform (this is a minor aesthetic complaint)
	* What are x and w
	* Consider putting mixed frequency at the end? Maybe. The other sections
	  are straightforward for people who understand state space models. So
	  maybe the progression should be from basic to most complex
	  (mixed-frequency). 
	* Where can I find the available ssE.solver options

# A Practitioner’s Guide and Matlab Toolbox for Mixed Frequency State Space Models

* Really shouldn't be committed, but is fine due to circumstances
* Should link to Andrew's website, the Chi Fed website, or to the pub in the
  journal. Consider moving it to the docs folder.
